Overview - Material UI Skip to content Material UI - Overview Material UI is an open-source React component library that implements Google's Material Design. It's comprehensive and can be used in production out of the box. Introduction Material UI is an open-source React component library that implements Google's Material Design . It includes a comprehensive collection of prebuilt components that are ready for use in production right out of the box and features a suite of customization options that make it easy to implement your own custom design system on top of our components. Advantages of Material UI Ship faster: Over 2,500 open-source contributors have poured countless hours into these components. Focus on your core business logic instead of reinventing the wheel—we've got your UI covered. Beautiful by default: We're meticulous about our implementation of Material Design , ensuring that every Material UI component meets the highest standards of form and function, but diverge from the official spec where necessary to provide multiple great options. Customizability: The library includes an extensive set of intuitive customizability features. The templates in our store demonstrate how far you can go with customization. Cross-team collaboration: Material UI's intuitive developer experience reduces the barrier to entry for back-end developers and less technical designers, empowering teams to collaborate more effectively. The design kits streamline your workflow and boost consistency between designers and developers. Trusted by thousands of organizations: Material UI has the largest UI community in the React ecosystem. It's almost as old as React itself—its history stretches back to 2014—and we're in this for the long haul. You can count on the community's support for years to come (for example Stack Overflow ). Start now Get started with Material UI today through some of these useful resources: Installation Add Material UI to your project with a few commands. Usage Learn the basics about Material UI components. Example projects A collection of boilerplates to jumpstart your next project. Customizing components Learn about the available customization methods. Templates Get started with a selection of free templates. Design resources The Material UI components in your favorite design tool. Search…